What is swagglike.us?

It's a freshness index.  It's the google of swagg on the internet.  People go and like stuff, that stuff has tags, and after enough voting the stuff will bubble up to the top in the various categories.  

You get a swagg rating for the votes that you receive and other variables. *Maybe participation etc... 

Think 3 people playing guitar on the side of the street, vs. a well directed music video.

swagglike.us:
	because no one on the corner has it
	a place for you to pose
	my swagg; my story
	
	*i look like you want to look
	*i am free in all the ways that you are not
	*you were looking for a way to change your life
	*don't show me your style, make me FEEL your style... i challenge you
	*inspire regression, invoke the oedipal triangle.. inspire need for approval, external validation
	*seduce with action
	*idealize them and they will idealize you in return
	*inject a bit of poetry into it all
	*be something... anything beyond familiar and common will do
	*people would rather align themselves with angels/avatars than other humans
	*they're noise, we're music
	*they are filled with unrealized ideals, who could i have been?
	*don't discuss features, discuss feelings
	

Different Releases:

Alpha: Video & Splash page.  Discusses the features to coming in the first version, also inviting people to sign up for the beta list. We meet Jay-Breeze and he discusses the nature of swag & fresh on the internet.

Beta: Images are scraped. People can like stuff, that's it.  The categories should be built out and the charts will be present.  This will be mostly testing phase inviting users to comment on interface etc.
In beta people can:
1. filter pictures using the tags
2. vote on pictures via star vote
3. see how many votes a picture has received
4. see preview of future features
5. since they'll be getting a beta code, we'll have their email & will be giving away an ipad on launch of version 1.0. ~ incentive for voting
6. also the more people they recommend, the higher up they get on the list
7. see tags that a picture has, make them linkable like tumblr
8. so there will need to be logins to keep track of who's voting and who's referring who
9. show the standings??? who has the most points????

Version 1.0: Shortly after this feedback period, changes will be made and then users/accounts will be created & people will be able to add images themselves.
**Note at this point, people will have to build their own personal tag list of stuff that they're interested in to filter their feed.  We can't have every tag listed once people start adding their own.

Version 1.1: People get profile pages.

Down the road:
1. Contests- outfit of the day, challenges similar to day9 tv to keep things fresh...
2. Swagg battles/tournaments, like starcraft
3. point incentives - maybe like an ipad giveaway
4. "user of the month" ~ like employee of the month, also think year-book... class geek, jock etc...
5. browser plugins, ipad/iphone apps so people can post to the feed easier
6. location based contests... the freshest areas on the globe


*Who is Jay-Breeze?
I'm like Steve Jobs and Kanye West in a fist fight.  


*Why swagglike.us?  What's the need?  Who cares?
You know, geeks is the new G's in 2011.  Facebook was just valued at $50 billion.  What jock you know is clocking that?  I mean I'm with facebook and all.  I can't lie, I check that shit a lot.  The shit is addictive, but it's not fresh.  Facebook is like McDonalds, swagglike.us is like a VIP reservation only restaurant.  This is a place where you will come to check for shit with style, not to flip through 50 photos of some of your drunken girlfriends at some club making ducky faces.  This shit right here is fly.


*What about Tumblr?  The interface feels awfully similar...
Tumblr is dope.  It's a great way to favorite stuff that you like, but only on Tumblr.  We're letting you like and post from any site and on top of that index it.  Like on Tumblr I have over 7,000 liked items.  How the hell am I supposed to find the sneakers I like, or the girls that I think are hot from that list?  What if I want to share that list but I don't want people to see all the naked ladies that I have on that list?

These sites nowadays are about quantity, swagglike.us is about quality.  If we only get 100 users that are fresh, I say we beat Facebook easy.  Save those stupid ducky faces for Facebook.


The video should accomplish the following:
1. show features of site - minor
2. introduce concept of site, state the problem and how swagg is the answer -set tone, -major... give an intangible sort of goal

What is swagg?

Swagg is style.  Swag is what keeps us all from looking the same.  You know?  That's what's missing from the web social scene today... Swagg.  I mean you got the giants Facebook and Twitter.  I'm not knockin them or anything, they the best at what they do, but they're all about quantity.  You see, swagg is about quality, not about how many ads you can shove down peoples' throats or "top 5 whatever" lists you can get people to click on.  

Swagglike.us is a little web-re-gentrification project.




